docs/resources/rule_ignore_regex.md, before:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_ignore_regex"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Disable regexp-based attack detection" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_ignore_regex

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "[Disable regexp-based attack detection][1]" action type. Ignoring the regular expression can be used when particular requests should NOT be defined as attacks based on the existing regular expression (the "Create regexp-based attack indicator" action type).

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Creates the rule to ignore an existing regular expression
# with ID 123 for the requests with the "X-LOGIN" header.

resource "wallarm_rule_ignore_regex" "ignore_regex" {
  regex_id = 123
  point = [["header", "X-LOGIN"]]
}
```

With newly created rule "Create regexp-based attack indicator":

```hcl
# Creates the rule to define requests with the "X-AUTHENTICATION" header value matching an expression
# "[^0-9a-f]|^.{33,}$|^.{0,31}$" as an attack

resource "wallarm_rule_regex" "scanner_rule" {
  regex = "[^0-9a-f]|^.{33,}$|^.{0,31}$"
  experimental = true
  attack_type =  "scanner"
  point = [["header", "X-AUTHENTICATION"]]
}

# Creates the rule to ignore the regular expression above
# for the requests with the "X-AUTHENTICATION" header
# sent to the application with ID 5

resource "wallarm_rule_ignore_regex" "ignore_regex" {
  regex_id = wallarm_rule_regex.scanner_rule.regex_id

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 5
    }
  }

  point = [["header", "X-AUTHENTICATION"]]
  depends_on = [wallarm_rule_regex.scanner_rule]
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `regex_id` - (**required**) ID of the regular expression specified in the "Create regexp-based attack indicator" rule.
* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client to apply the rules to. The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.
* `point` - (**required**) request parts to apply the rules to. The full list of possible values is available in the [Wallarm official documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).
  |     POINT      |POSSIBLE VALUES|
  |----------------|---------------|
  |`action_ext`    |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`action_name`   |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`get`           | Arbitrary GET parameter name.|
  |`get_all`       |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_default`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_name`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`header`        | Arbitrary HEADER parameter name.|
  |`header_all`    |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`header_default`|`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`path`          | Integer value (>= 0) indicating the number of the element in the path array. |
  |`path_all`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`path_default`  |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`post`          |`base64`, `form_urlencoded`, `form_urlencoded_all`, `form_urlencoded_default`, `form_urlencoded_name`, `grpc`, `grpc_all`, `grpc_default`, `gzip`, `htmljs`, `json_doc`, `multipart`, `multipart_all`, `multipart_default`, `multipart_name`, `xml`|
  |`uri`           |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`, `percent`|
  |`json_doc`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `json_array`, `json_array_all`, `json_array_default`, `json_obj`, `json_obj_all`, `json_obj_default`, `json_obj_name`|
  |`instance`      | integer ID of the application the request was sent to. |

  [Examples](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/wallarm/wallarm/latest/docs/guides/point)

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted configurations

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted configurations
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of the created rule. For example, `rule_type = "ignore_regex"`.

[1]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/regex-rule/#partial-disabling-of-a-new-detection-rule
[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/installation/multi-tenant/overview/

Commit message:

Disable variativity for terraform rules and fix duplication bugs

docs/resources/rule_ignore_regex.md, after:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_ignore_regex"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Disable regexp-based attack detection" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_ignore_regex

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "[Disable regexp-based attack detection][1]" action type. Ignoring the regular expression can be used when particular requests should NOT be defined as attacks based on the existing regular expression (the "Create regexp-based attack indicator" action type).

**Important:** Rules made with Terraform can't be altered by other rules that usually change how rules work (middleware, variative_values, variative_by_regex).
This is because Terraform is designed to keep its configurations stable and not meant to be modified from outside its environment.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Creates the rule to ignore an existing regular expression
# with ID 123 for the requests with the "X-LOGIN" header.

resource "wallarm_rule_ignore_regex" "ignore_regex" {
  regex_id = 123
  point = [["header", "X-LOGIN"]]
}
```

With newly created rule "Create regexp-based attack indicator":

```hcl
# Creates the rule to define requests with the "X-AUTHENTICATION" header value matching an expression
# "[^0-9a-f]|^.{33,}$|^.{0,31}$" as an attack

resource "wallarm_rule_regex" "scanner_rule" {
  regex = "[^0-9a-f]|^.{33,}$|^.{0,31}$"
  experimental = true
  attack_type =  "scanner"
  point = [["header", "X-AUTHENTICATION"]]
}

# Creates the rule to ignore the regular expression above
# for the requests with the "X-AUTHENTICATION" header
# sent to the application with ID 5

resource "wallarm_rule_ignore_regex" "ignore_regex" {
  regex_id = wallarm_rule_regex.scanner_rule.regex_id

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 5
    }
  }

  point = [["header", "X-AUTHENTICATION"]]
  depends_on = [wallarm_rule_regex.scanner_rule]
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `regex_id` - (**required**) ID of the regular expression specified in the "Create regexp-based attack indicator" rule.
* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client to apply the rules to. The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.
* `point` - (**required**) request parts to apply the rules to. The full list of possible values is available in the [Wallarm official documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).
  |     POINT      |POSSIBLE VALUES|
  |----------------|---------------|
  |`action_ext`    |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`action_name`   |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`get`           | Arbitrary GET parameter name.|
  |`get_all`       |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_default`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_name`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`header`        | Arbitrary HEADER parameter name.|
  |`header_all`    |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`header_default`|`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`path`          | Integer value (>= 0) indicating the number of the element in the path array. |
  |`path_all`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`path_default`  |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`post`          |`base64`, `form_urlencoded`, `form_urlencoded_all`, `form_urlencoded_default`, `form_urlencoded_name`, `grpc`, `grpc_all`, `grpc_default`, `gzip`, `htmljs`, `json_doc`, `multipart`, `multipart_all`, `multipart_default`, `multipart_name`, `xml`|
  |`uri`           |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`, `percent`|
  |`json_doc`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `json_array`, `json_array_all`, `json_array_default`, `json_obj`, `json_obj_all`, `json_obj_default`, `json_obj_name`|
  |`instance`      | integer ID of the application the request was sent to. |

  [Examples](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/wallarm/wallarm/latest/docs/guides/point)

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted configurations

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted configurations
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of the created rule. For example, `rule_type = "ignore_regex"`.

[1]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/regex-rule/#partial-disabling-of-a-new-detection-rule
[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/installation/multi-tenant/overview/
