docs/resources/rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite.md, before:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Rewrite attack before active verification" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "[Rewrite attack before active verification][1]" action type. This rule type is used to perform verification tests not for the production applications but for similar applications (for example, in test, staging, development environments that do not require authentication or there are test credentials to access these applications). The rule is commonly used for the Wallarm [Active threat verification][2] component.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Rewrites the value of the header "HOST" to "my.staging-application.com"
# for all the verification tests

resource "wallarm_rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite" "default_rewrite" {
  rules =  ["my.staging-application.com"]
  point = [["header", "HOST"]]
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `rules` - (**required**) a list of new values for parameters specified in `point`.
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.
* `point` - (**required**) request parts to apply the rules to. The full list of possible values is available in the [Wallarm official documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).
  |     POINT      |POSSIBLE VALUES|
  |----------------|---------------|
  |`action_ext`    |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`action_name`   |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`get`           | Arbitrary GET parameter name.|
  |`get_all`       |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_default`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_name`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`header`        | Arbitrary HEADER parameter name.|
  |`header_all`    |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`header_default`|`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`path`          | Integer value (>= 0) indicating the number of the element in the path array. |
  |`path_all`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`path_default`  |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`post`          |`base64`, `form_urlencoded`, `form_urlencoded_all`, `form_urlencoded_default`, `form_urlencoded_name`, `grpc`, `grpc_all`, `grpc_default`, `gzip`, `htmljs`, `json_doc`, `multipart`, `multipart_all`, `multipart_default`, `multipart_name`, `xml`|
  |`uri`           |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`, `percent`|
  |`json_doc`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `json_array`, `json_array_all`, `json_array_default`, `json_obj`, `json_obj_all`, `json_obj_default`, `json_obj_name`|
  |`instance`      | integer ID of the application the request was sent to. |

  [Examples](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/wallarm/wallarm/latest/docs/guides/point)

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of the created rule. For example, `rule_type = "ignore_regex"`.

[1]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/change-request-for-active-verification/#rewriting-the-request-before-attack-replaying
[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/scanner/intro/#active-threat-verification

Commit message:

Disable variativity for terraform rules and fix duplication bugs

docs/resources/rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite.md, after:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Rewrite attack before active verification" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "[Rewrite attack before active verification][1]" action type. This rule type is used to perform verification tests not for the production applications but for similar applications (for example, in test, staging, development environments that do not require authentication or there are test credentials to access these applications). The rule is commonly used for the Wallarm [Active threat verification][2] component.

**Important:** Rules made with Terraform can't be altered by other rules that usually change how rules work (middleware, variative_values, variative_by_regex).
This is because Terraform is designed to keep its configurations stable and not meant to be modified from outside its environment.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Rewrites the value of the header "HOST" to "my.staging-application.com"
# for all the verification tests

resource "wallarm_rule_attack_rechecker_rewrite" "default_rewrite" {
  rules =  ["my.staging-application.com"]
  point = [["header", "HOST"]]
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `rules` - (**required**) a list of new values for parameters specified in `point`.
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.
* `point` - (**required**) request parts to apply the rules to. The full list of possible values is available in the [Wallarm official documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).
  |     POINT      |POSSIBLE VALUES|
  |----------------|---------------|
  |`action_ext`    |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`action_name`   |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`get`           | Arbitrary GET parameter name.|
  |`get_all`       |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_default`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_name`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`header`        | Arbitrary HEADER parameter name.|
  |`header_all`    |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`header_default`|`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`path`          | Integer value (>= 0) indicating the number of the element in the path array. |
  |`path_all`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`path_default`  |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`post`          |`base64`, `form_urlencoded`, `form_urlencoded_all`, `form_urlencoded_default`, `form_urlencoded_name`, `grpc`, `grpc_all`, `grpc_default`, `gzip`, `htmljs`, `json_doc`, `multipart`, `multipart_all`, `multipart_default`, `multipart_name`, `xml`|
  |`uri`           |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`, `percent`|
  |`json_doc`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `json_array`, `json_array_all`, `json_array_default`, `json_obj`, `json_obj_all`, `json_obj_default`, `json_obj_name`|
  |`instance`      | integer ID of the application the request was sent to. |

  [Examples](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/wallarm/wallarm/latest/docs/guides/point)

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of the created rule. For example, `rule_type = "ignore_regex"`.

[1]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/change-request-for-active-verification/#rewriting-the-request-before-attack-replaying
[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/scanner/intro/#active-threat-verification
