docs/resources/rule_dirbust_counter.md, before:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Define force browsing attacks counter" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter

!> The resource will be deprecated in the future versions.

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "Define force browsing attacks counter" action type. For detecting force browsing attacks, there is a counter that increments whenever a request hits 404 status code (resource not found). By default, every application has its own counter.

This rule should be used when an independent detection of force browsing attacks is required for different parts of the application.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter" "login_counter" {
	action {
    	type = "iequal"
    	point = {
      		action_name = "login"
    	}
  	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client to apply the rules to. The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

### Nested Objects

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `counter` - Name of the counter. Randomly generated, but always starts with `d:`.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of the created rule. For example, `rule_type = "dirbust_counter"`.

## Import

The rule can be imported using a composite ID formed of client ID, action ID, rule ID and rule type.

```
$ terraform import wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter.login_counter 6039/563854/11086884
```

* `6039` - Client ID.
* `563854` - Action ID.
* `11086884` - Rule ID.

[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/installation/multi-tenant/overview/

Commit message:

Disable variativity for terraform rules and fix duplication bugs

docs/resources/rule_dirbust_counter.md, after:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Define force browsing attacks counter" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter

!> The resource will be deprecated in the future versions.

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "Define force browsing attacks counter" action type. For detecting force browsing attacks, there is a counter that increments whenever a request hits 404 status code (resource not found). By default, every application has its own counter.

This rule should be used when an independent detection of force browsing attacks is required for different parts of the application.

**Important:** Rules made with Terraform can't be altered by other rules that usually change how rules work (middleware, variative_values, variative_by_regex).
This is because Terraform is designed to keep its configurations stable and not meant to be modified from outside its environment.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter" "login_counter" {
	action {
    	type = "iequal"
    	point = {
      		action_name = "login"
    	}
  	}
}
```

## Argument Reference

* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client to apply the rules to. The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

### Nested Objects

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `counter` - Name of the counter. Randomly generated, but always starts with `d:`.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of the created rule. For example, `rule_type = "dirbust_counter"`.

## Import

The rule can be imported using a composite ID formed of client ID, action ID, rule ID and rule type.

```
$ terraform import wallarm_rule_dirbust_counter.login_counter 6039/563854/11086884
```

* `6039` - Client ID.
* `563854` - Action ID.
* `11086884` - Rule ID.

[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/installation/multi-tenant/overview/
