docs/resources/rule_masking.md, before:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_masking"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Mask sensitive data" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_masking

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "[Mask sensitive data][1]" action type. This rule type is used to cut out sensitive information such as passwords or cookies from the uploading to the Wallarm Cloud making such data hidden.

The real values of the specified parameters will be replaced by `*` and will not be accessible either in the Wallarm Cloud or in the local post-analysis module. This method ensures that the protected data cannot leak outside the trusted environment.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Masks the "field" value of the "hash" parameter
# in the JSON body for the requests sent to the `../masking` URL

resource "wallarm_rule_masking" "masking_json" {

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  point = [["post"],["json_doc"],["hash", "field"]]
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client to apply the rules to. The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.
* `point` - (**required**) request parts to apply the rules to. The full list of possible values is available in the [Wallarm official documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).
  |     POINT      |POSSIBLE VALUES|
  |----------------|---------------|
  |`action_ext`    |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`action_name`   |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`get`           | Arbitrary GET parameter name.|
  |`get_all`       |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_default`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_name`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`header`        | Arbitrary HEADER parameter name.|
  |`header_all`    |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`header_default`|`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`path`          | Integer value (>= 0) indicating the number of the element in the path array. |
  |`path_all`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`path_default`  |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`post`          |`base64`, `form_urlencoded`, `form_urlencoded_all`, `form_urlencoded_default`, `form_urlencoded_name`, `grpc`, `grpc_all`, `grpc_default`, `gzip`, `htmljs`, `json_doc`, `multipart`, `multipart_all`, `multipart_default`, `multipart_name`, `xml`|
  |`uri`           |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`, `percent`|
  |`json_doc`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `json_array`, `json_array_all`, `json_array_default`, `json_obj`, `json_obj_all`, `json_obj_default`, `json_obj_name`|
  |`instance`      | integer ID of the application the request was sent to. |

  [Examples](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/wallarm/wallarm/latest/docs/guides/point)

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of created rule. For example, `rule_type = "ignore_regex"`.

## Import

The rule can be imported using a composite ID formed of client ID, action ID, rule ID and rule type.

```
$ terraform import wallarm_rule_masking.masking_json 6039/563855/11086881/wallarm_rule_masking
```

* `6039` - Client ID.
* `563855` - Action ID.
* `11086881` - Rule ID.
* `wallarm_rule_masking` - Rule type.

[1]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/sensitive-data-rule/
[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/installation/multi-tenant/overview/

Commit message:

Disable variativity for terraform rules and fix duplication bugs

docs/resources/rule_masking.md, after:

---
layout: "wallarm"
page_title: "Wallarm: wallarm_rule_masking"
subcategory: "Rule"
description: |-
  Provides the "Mask sensitive data" rule resource.
---

# wallarm_rule_masking

Provides the resource to manage rules with the "[Mask sensitive data][1]" action type. This rule type is used to cut out sensitive information such as passwords or cookies from the uploading to the Wallarm Cloud making such data hidden.

The real values of the specified parameters will be replaced by `*` and will not be accessible either in the Wallarm Cloud or in the local post-analysis module. This method ensures that the protected data cannot leak outside the trusted environment.

**Important:** Rules made with Terraform can't be altered by other rules that usually change how rules work (middleware, variative_values, variative_by_regex).
This is because Terraform is designed to keep its configurations stable and not meant to be modified from outside its environment.

## Example Usage

```hcl
# Masks the "field" value of the "hash" parameter
# in the JSON body for the requests sent to the `../masking` URL

resource "wallarm_rule_masking" "masking_json" {

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "equal"
    value = "admin"
    point = {
      query = "user"
    }
  }

  point = [["post"],["json_doc"],["hash", "field"]]
}

```

## Argument Reference

* `client_id` - (optional) ID of the client to apply the rules to. The value is required for [multi-tenant scenarios][2].
* `action` - (optional) rule conditions. Possible attributes are described below.
* `point` - (**required**) request parts to apply the rules to. The full list of possible values is available in the [Wallarm official documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).
  |     POINT      |POSSIBLE VALUES|
  |----------------|---------------|
  |`action_ext`    |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`action_name`   |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`get`           | Arbitrary GET parameter name.|
  |`get_all`       |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_default`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`get_name`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`header`        | Arbitrary HEADER parameter name.|
  |`header_all`    |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`header_default`|`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `base64`, `cookie`, `cookie_all`, `cookie_default`, `cookie_name`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`, `hash`, `htmljs`, `pollution`|
  |`path`          | Integer value (>= 0) indicating the number of the element in the path array. |
  |`path_all`      |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`path_default`  |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`|
  |`post`          |`base64`, `form_urlencoded`, `form_urlencoded_all`, `form_urlencoded_default`, `form_urlencoded_name`, `grpc`, `grpc_all`, `grpc_default`, `gzip`, `htmljs`, `json_doc`, `multipart`, `multipart_all`, `multipart_default`, `multipart_name`, `xml`|
  |`uri`           |`base64`, `gzip`, `json_doc`, `xml`,`htmljs`, `percent`|
  |`json_doc`   |`array`, `array_all`, `array_default`, `hash`, `hash_all`, `hash_default`, `hash_name`, `json_array`, `json_array_all`, `json_array_default`, `json_obj`, `json_obj_all`, `json_obj_default`, `json_obj_name`|
  |`instance`      | integer ID of the application the request was sent to. |

  [Examples](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/wallarm/wallarm/latest/docs/guides/point)

**action**

`action` argument shares the available conditions which can be applied. The conditions are:

* `type` - (optional) condition type. Can be: `equal`, `iequal`, `regex`, `absent`. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point`.
  For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentation](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/add-rule/#condition-types)
  Example:
  `type = "absent"`
* `value` - (optional) value of the parameter to match with. Must be omitted for the `instance` parameter in `point` or if `type` is `absent`.
  Example:
  `value = "example.com"`
* `point` - (optional) request parameters that trigger the rule. Possible values are described below. For more details, see the official [Wallarm documentatioon](https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/request-processing/#identifying-and-parsing-the-request-parts).

**point**

  * `header` - (optional) arbitrary HEADER parameter name.
  Example:
  `header = "HOST"`
  * `method` - (optional) request method. Can be: `GET`, `HEAD`, `POST`, `PUT`, `DELETE`, `CONNECT`, `OPTIONS`, `TRACE`, `PATCH`.
  Example:
  `method = "POST"`
  * `path` - (optional) array with URL parts separated by the `/` symbol (the last URL part is not included in the array). If there is only one part in the URL, the array will be empty.
  Example:
  `path = 0`
  * `action_name` - (optional) the last part of the URL after the `/` symbol and before the first period (`.`). This part of the URL is always present in the request even if its value is an empty string.
  Example:
  `action_name = "login"`
  * `action_ext` - (optional) the part of the URL after the last period (`.`). It may be missing in the request.
  Example:
  `action_ext = "php"`
  * `query` - (optional) the query parameter name.
  Example:
  `query = "user"`
  * `proto` - (optional) version of the HTTP Protocol.
  Example:
  `proto = "1.1"`
  * `scheme` - (optional) `http`/`https`.
  Example:
  `scheme = "https"`
  * `uri` - (optional) part of the request URL without domain.
  Example:
  `uri = "/api/login"`
  * `instance` - (optional) ID of the application.
  Example:
  `instance = 42`

Example:

  ```hcl
  # ... omitted

  action {
    type = "equal"
    point = {
      scheme = "https"
    }
  }

  action {
    point = {
      instance = 9
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      path = 0
     }
  }

  action {
    type = "regex"
    point = {
      action_name = "masking"
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "absent"
    point = {
      action_ext = ""
    }
  }

  action {
    type = "iequal"
    value = "example.com"
    point = {
      header = "HOST"
    }
  }

  # ... omitted
  ```

> **_NOTE:_**
See below what limitations apply

When `type` is `absent`, `point` must contain key with the default value. For `action_name`, `action_ext`, `method`, `proto`, `scheme`, `uri` default value is `""` (empty string).

## Attributes Reference

* `rule_id` - ID of the created rule.
* `action_id` - the action ID (The conditions to apply on request).
* `rule_type` - type of created rule. For example, `rule_type = "ignore_regex"`.

## Import

The rule can be imported using a composite ID formed of client ID, action ID, rule ID and rule type.

```
$ terraform import wallarm_rule_masking.masking_json 6039/563855/11086881/wallarm_rule_masking
```

* `6039` - Client ID.
* `563855` - Action ID.
* `11086881` - Rule ID.
* `wallarm_rule_masking` - Rule type.

[1]: https://docs.wallarm.com/user-guides/rules/sensitive-data-rule/
[2]: https://docs.wallarm.com/installation/multi-tenant/overview/
